the tamil movie uncharred
directed by hitmaker lingua Swami and
start by superstar Surya run
successfully on screens superstar Surya
looks dashing and smart with his
charisma at starpower in Han China
but the movie falls short due to
inherent weakness the script and
execution whereas the movie engine as
all the difficult
Amar's masala entertainer for serious
fans the bully unturned
seems to be a collection of different
situations whereas the short narration
of the story goes like this
the film begins with the secret of
Krishna coming to Mumbai to locate his
brother he visits a few places where his
brother's acquaintances could be found
on learns that his brother Raju is Raj
by to the people of the city gradually
his pension through having can stress
with growing cloud but end the wrath of
Imran by an untroubled dawn when Krishna
places annoying how his brother had gone
missing he manages to catch the
attention of his brother's enemies
Anjali
basically revolves around a couple of
plot twists one epic reveal around the
interval point and another before the
climax but the way the firm is
structured to leave this twist is
underwhelming this would not have been a
problem if the film had taken a
different approach in the interval but
the cost interval portions to stick to
the same format to the final twist
making scenes seem repetitive and
uninteresting the film gets highly
predictable later on these because of
its wavered in storyline a revenge drama
that has already been heated the host
and served several times to the audience
but what makes this film less
interesting is the lack of originality
in the story and it's an interesting
narrative a film that wants to send it
starts pants crazy with his
punchline the punchline Delaware by Raj
boy in Anjar rarely rots his pants
yay it upward drawing your well
choreographed action sequences sujes
dynamic performance warm tones from
cinematography Sam Joshua music from you
are and performance of Samantha are
being highly appreciated in uncharred
overall this pool is at all the wine in
a new bottle offering very little to the
audience and jug you tended to be an
action the tailor but offer a lot of
action but sans the airplane await for
more reviews and don't forget to
subscribe